# X-Ray
Code, data, and other development work for an augmented reality window. Created by Brady Kruse as part of a project for Dr. J. Edward Swan and Dr. Cindy Bethel at Mississippi State University

# Abstract
In room-clearing tasks, SWAT team members suffer from alack  of  initial  environmental  information:  knowledge  about  what  is  ina room and what relevance or threat level it represents for mission pa-rameters. Normally this gap in situation awareness is rectified only uponroom entry, forcing SWAT team members to rely on quick responses andnear-instinctual reactions. This can lead to dangerously escalating situ-ations or important missed information which, in turn, can increase thelikelihood of injury and even mortality. Thus, we present anx-ray visionsystem for the dynamic scanning and display of room content, using arobotic platform to mitigate operator risk. This system maps a room us-ing a robot-equipped stereo depth camera and, using an augmented real-ity (AR) system, presents the resulting geographic information accordingto the perspective of each officer. This intervention has the potential tonotably lower risk and increase officer situation awareness, all while teammembers are in the relative safety of cover. With these potential stakes,it  is  important  to  test  the  viability  of  this  system  natively  and  in  anoperational SWAT team context

Phillips, N., Kruse, B., Khan, F. A., Swan II, J. E., & Bethel, C. L. (2020, July). A Robotic Augmented Reality Virtual Window for Law Enforcement Operations. In International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction (pp. 591-610). Springer, Cham.
